How much is left in two weeks of divorce?
Song Yuchuan will never sit still
Don't worry, I have plans
Besides, I'll move into the Tang family
Pardon me?
Brother has just returned from abroad
It is inconvenient to stay in a hotel
He was also a senior brother before his death, and he was a family
I asked you what he said.
I thought Yaoyao had explained it very clearly
You go back first
I have a few words with Mr. Lu
Yaoyao, I know what you are worried about
Yaoyao chose to cooperate with me and plan with me
I will definitely keep her safe
If Mr. Lu is not at ease
You can send elites to protect her
Oh, no.
protect
You don't know what kind of people we Song Yuchuan are
You let Tang Yao risk his life
I said I have the ability to protect her
The protection that protects you is the Wrapping Evil Hall Demon
Take the opportunity to express your temperament
A good move advances and retreats
The whole world is estimated to be except for that fool Tang Yao
All in the dark
Not necessarily.
I'm not as despicable as Mr. Lu, who has no chance of winning
Okay, it's late at night.
We are going to rest, please.
Brother, what did you talk to Lu Xuan about?
Compared to chatting with you about Lu Xuan
I'm more concerned if that confession is true
Would you agree?
And if it's true?
No.
Yaoyao, don't I understand your heart?